docs: update readme url (#85)
WFCD/warframe-drop-data: README.md

Warframe drop data in an easier to parse format.

> **NOTE**: This data is parsed from [Digital Extremes official drop data website](https://www.warframe.com/droptables), no data mining was involved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: This data is parsed from [Digital Extremes official drop data website](https://warframe-web-assets.nyc3.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com/uploads/cms/hnfvc0o3jnfvc873njb03enrf56.html), no data mining was involved.
```
